implement Forward headers (#162)
Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - When using the proxy, RIG will now add additional forward header "Forwarded" [#113](https://github.com/Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway/issues/113)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the proxy, RIG will now add an additional [`Forwarded` header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Forwarded). [#113](https://github.com/Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway/issues/113)
```

Author: fixed

### Added

- The proxy configuration can now also be passed as a JSON string. This allows to run the Docker image in environments where mounting a file in a container is not possible. [#159](https://github.com/Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway/issues/159)

> - When using the proxy, RIG will now add additional forward handlers "X-Content-Type-Options" and "Forwarded" [#113](https://github.com/Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway/issues/113)

Author: fixed

- Increased length of header value in HTTP requests to 16384. Reason is to support long tokens such as SAML.

### Changed

> - The proxy configuration can now also be passed as a JSON string. This allows to run the Docker image in environments where mounting a file in a container is not possible. [#159](https://github.com/Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway/issues/159)

Author: fixed

> - When using the proxy, RIG will now add additional forward handlers "X-Content-Type-Options" and "Forwarded" [#113](https://github.com/Accenture/reactive-interaction-gateway/issues/113)

Author: hmm - failed on rebasing.... sorry
